AC-1 ACCESS CONTROL POLICY AND PROCEDURES
The organization:
a. Develops, documents, and disseminates to [Assignment: organization-defined personnel or roles]:

1. An access control policy that addresses purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities, management commitment, coordination among organizational entities, and compliance; and

2. Procedures to facilitate the implementation of the access control policy and associated access controls; and

b. Reviews and updates the current:

1. Access control policy [Assignment: organization-defined frequency]; and

2. Access control procedures [Assignment: organization-defined frequency].
-------------------------------------------------
AC-2 ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
The organization:
a. Identifies and selects the following types of information system accounts to support organizational missions/business functions: [Assignment: organization-defined information system account types];

b. Assigns account managers for information system accounts;

c. Establishes conditions for group and role membership;

d. Specifies authorized users of the information system, group and role membership, and access authorizations (i.e., privileges) and other attributes (as required) for each account;

e. Requires approvals by [Assignment: organization-defined personnel or roles] for requests to create information system accounts;

f. Creates, enables, modifies, disables, and removes information system accounts in accordance with [Assignment: organization-defined procedures or conditions];

g. Monitors the use of information system accounts;

h. Notifies account managers:

1. When accounts are no longer required;

2. When users are terminated or transferred; and

3. When individual information system usage or need-to-know changes;

i. Authorizes access to the information system based on:

1. A valid access authorization;

2. Intended system usage; and

3. Other attributes as required by the organization or associated missions/business functions;

j. Reviews accounts for compliance with account management requirements [Assignment: organization-defined frequency]; and

k. Establishes a process for reissuing shared/group account credentials (if deployed) when individuals are removed from the group.